README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/noviewpoint/sudokuSolver/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/noviewpoint/sudokuSolver/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Update pandemicna sobota: sonce, veter, marmeladni piskoti, ali github pages sploh dela

README.md, after:

## sudokuSolver

My idea for this project was to use the code from the "Solving Every Sudoku Puzzle" by Peter Norvig ( https://norvig.com/sudoku.html ) and transform it from Python v2 to functional ES6 JavaScript. 

I wanted to learn how generators work in ES6 and then use them in action to pause the execution of functions. I decided that the user should be able to pause the execution of sudoku solving methods by clicking a button. This way he is able to see the sudoku solving process step by step right in front of him in real time.

I also wanted to try github pages to host html app.

## How to run it

Run index.html locally from the browser. No server side needed.

## Languages used

HTML CSS vanilla JavaScript(ES6)

## State of this project

It's not a 100% complete but it works :) Understanding of ES6 generators went up a few levels though... :)




## GITHUB STUFF HERE




## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/noviewpoint/sudokuSolver/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/noviewpoint/sudokuSolver/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
